[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Heil Hitler!
>> Many researchers into the
activity of the Germans during
and after World War II
have begun to realize that
the Germans were not just
fascinated by UFOs and aliens
but they were also interested
in developing advanced
technologies.
>> Nazi Germany
really, during the war,
had two space programs.
One was under the
control of the SS.
Heinrich Himmler
and Hans Kammler,
they would developing flying
saucer technology using
anti--gravity, using
torsion-field physics
principles that Nazi scientists
had realized were feasible.
But their specific goal
was to weaponize these.
Because the Nazis were
interested in global conquest.
I mean, obviously, they
wanted to win the war
with these super weapons.
>> Immediately
after World War II,
also there was the many stories
of the Foo Fighters over
Germany at the time, and even
also flying saucers and other
craft that were flying around
Germany and other areas right
at the end of World War II,
and immediately afterwards.
And of course, that's also
when the whole flying saucer
madness occurred.
And people typically around
the southern United States,
around Los Angeles,
I mean, they were
seeing fleets of flying
saucers flying around.
You had the Lubbock
Lights, which
were flying saucers
flying in V formations,
and things like that.
So the whole saucer madness as
of the early '50s, in my mind,
must be linked to some
of the things that
happened during World War II.
>> People who fought against
us in World War II developed
the weapons of mass
destruction that Hitler used.
He rained rockets
down on England, on--
during the blitz, all
of this horrible stuff.
We got those guys and brought
them to the United States.
And we fired the guys who
helped our space program.
So we brought these guys in.
But the connective tissue is
that they all believed in UFOs.
Hermann Oberth was very open
about believing in UFOs.
Not only did he believe in the
existence of the flying disks,
he firmly believed they were
extraterrestrial in origin.
He went on the record with it.
He's made statements about it.
Wernher von Braun kind of
tried to dodge the question
a few times but
eventually also conceded
there was something to it.
So what does this mean, right?
We had the Americans
who believed in it.
Now we have the Nazis
we've brought over.
Everybody's on board with it.
Everybody's on board.
That's the one thing
they have in common.
They're politics,
diametrically opposed.
But their interest
in science, the same.
And their belief in this
phenomenon also the same.
There's a strong belief on
both sides that this was real.
And as I say, it's
kind of a coincidence
that Dornberger is sent to
Reich Field the same month
they're bringing in
the Roswell debris.
Did they think Roswell
was a German craft?
Did the think it was one of
the Horton brother's disks?
They didn't know.
I'm sure they didn't
know at that moment
that this is extraterrestrial.
They would not have
gone there yet.
They would have wanted
to know exactly,
was it a Soviet secret weapon?
Was it-- what was it?
And who better to know
than Walter Dornberger, who
ran Peenemunde for
crying out loud,
would have known about
all of the black ops
that they were undertaking,
all of the secret programs.
He would have known
about all of that.
That was his job.
So he was the perfect person
to put in Reich Field.
>> These flying saucer
technologies with things that
they attempted to
weaponize to win the war.
But ultimately, they failed.
Because they were trying to
use incompatible physics.
So they were trying to use
anti-gravity and torsion-field
physics, which
was the propulsion
system of these
flying-saucer craft,
and combine that with
Newtonian physics
behind kind of
cannons and artillery.
And trying to attach a cannon
to a flying saucer just
didn't work.
Because, you know, the
repulsive force of a cannon
would basically
really do great damage
to the propulsion and the
navigation system of the flying
saucer.
So it was only after
directed energy weapons were
developed that these Nazi flying
saucers could be weaponized.
And they actually were working
on directed energy weapons
during the Second World War.
IG Farben, really
the biggest operation
in Nazi Germany
during the war, they
were working on
directed-energy weapons.
We know this from documentation.
But the Nazis'
effort to weaponize
flying saucers
for the war effort
basically ran out of time.
>> So in my mind, though we have
mad scientists still out there
like John Hutchinson or
somebody doing cool experiments
in their labs and things, but
the military is just light
years ahead of them.
They've had so much money,
and technological research,
and even captured
documents and other things
like that from the
Germans and others,
that they have a giant secret
that they keep under their hat.
And one day, I think, you know,
slowly, it's going to come out.
But until the time it's ready,
the military will, I believe,
keep developing
these craft in secret
and, kind of like a magician,
making us look over there when
we should be looking over here.
>> But the Nazis
had another program.
But this program was
being run in Antartica
by German secret societies.
And the secret societies,
like the Thule Society,
the Black Sun
Society, Vril Society,
these were groups that
Hitler never controlled.
In fact, the Thule
Society-- and this
is well documented--
actually were responsible
for the creation of
the National Socialist
German Workers Party,
the Nazi Party.
That it was the Thule Society,
the occultists, metaphysicians,
the German aristocratic
elite that basically
put Hitler in that position
of leading the German Worker's
Party because they
believed they needed
a charismatic, nationalist
orator to basically get
German workers to not follow
the communist ideology.
And so Hitler was promoted
by these German elite,
these secret societies.
And so when Hitler came
to power, basically,
Hitler said, well, how
can I thank you guys
for everything you've done.
We need resources.
We need people to help
us build a space program.
Our goal is to
develop flying saucers
to be able to
travel to the stars.
And Hitler was very
comfortable with that.
And this began in
earnest in 1938, 1939,
with the first German Nazi
expedition to Antarctica.
And German submarine
fleets basically
transported, throughout the
entire Second World War,
enormous amounts of equipment,
and resources, people,
to Antarctica to basically
establish a secret space
program in Antarctica
that would be
independent from Hitler's
weaponization program
in Germany.
And basically, these
German secret societies
had a different agenda
to the Nazi Party.
And that's very
important to understand,
why you could actually have
two separate independent space
programs that was associated
with Nazi Germany.
Now, of course, we know
Hitler lost the war in Germany
with the Allied powers coming
in and liberating Europe.
But the Germans that
were based in Antartica
never really experienced
any hostilities,
any major hostilities, with
the west up until 1946, '47.
And that was basically when
you had Operation Highjump.
And by that time, the
Germans in Antarctica
had time to fully weaponize
their flying saucer craft.
So with Operation Highjump,
the navy aircraft and the ships
were no match for
the directed energy
weapons of these flying-saucer
craft they were much quicker
and basically could just
instantaneously appear off
the bow of a ship and start
shooting or shooting down
aircraft.
So operation Highjump
was a dismal failure.
And when you combined
that military capability
that the Germans in Antarctica
had with the enormous amounts
of capital that were
taken out of Europe
by the Nazis' industrialists
once they realized
that the war was lost,
the Red House Report, that
dates from around
the August of 1944
immediately after the
Normandy invasion.
Martin Bormann,
the deputy fuhrer,
basically told the major
German corporations
to take all their capital out.
Because the war was lost.
The Third Reich was at an end.
With that capital that was
being taken out of Germany,
a Fourth Reich could be created.
And so they had two major
components of the Fourth Reich.
One was the military power of
the German Space Program out
of Antartica and the economic
power of the huge amounts
of capital and
financial resources
that were taken
out of Germany just
before the end of
the Second World War.
A lot of the capital that
was taken out of Germany--
in the Red House
Report it actually
specifies where the
industrialists and the bankers
should basically direct the
funds and any other resources,
patents and so
forth, that would be
important for the creation
of the Fourth Reich.
And so these were
major companies,
IG Farben, Volkswagen,
Siemens, Krupp, Thyssens.
Many of these
companies basically
took a lot of this capital.
And it was taken to places--
neutral countries like
Switzerland, Spain, Sweden,
Argentina, Brazil.
And also, they began
sending some of those funds
and resources to companies
that the German industrials had
worked with before the war.
So for example, IG
Farben had worked
with a number of US
industries like Standard Oil
and so forth before the war.
So it was very easy for
them to kind of send
some of this capital into, say,
some American subsidiaries that
were actually controlled
by these German companies.
>> When Secretary of Defense
James Forrestal visited Germany
just after the war, he and
others discovered the unusual
technologies that the
Germans had been working on.
It was at this time that the
upper levels of the United
States military began to
contemplate the unthinkable.
>> Project Paperclip, to me,
is they point at which we made
a deal with the devil.
We sacrificed our
soul for security.
There was no reason we had
to take on the Paperclip
scientists.
You know, we had
their documentation.
We interrogated them.
We interrogated Wernher von
Braun in Germany, Dornberger,
all those guys.
We had a lot of their documents.
We found enormous
caches of records
and spare parts for aircraft,
and rockets, and the V2s,
all of this we found.
There was no need, really,
to bring them all to the US,
and make them citizens,
and basically replace
these scientists that we had.
Something was very
fishy about that.
And to this day, I think that
that's the point where we just
crossed the line.
>> When we first discovered
Project Paperclip,
when I was back working for the
Jesuit National Headquarters
in Washington DC, we realized
that the United States
at the very end of the Second
World War engaged in a very
aggressive program to commandeer
the German scientists that were
working on the rocket
program, the V2 program.
And the United States really got
much the better of the Soviet
Union in that contest
to try to commandeer
these scientists to
try to get access
to that military technology so
the United States can use it
to their advantage.
And Project Paperclip was the
codename for the actual effort
to recruit these scientists.
Well, recruit them,
either threaten
to put them in prison as war
criminals, or get them to come
and work for us.
And they, not surprisingly,
chose the latter.
>> Truman, as president, ordered
the Pentagon not to bring
in Nazis into this program.
He says, if these people
have any kind of suspect
backgrounds, we don't want them.
I don't care what the value is.
And the Pentagon basically
ignored him completely.
They doctored records.
They changed things.
They brought these guys in.
Some of them were really vile.
One or two we had to send
back-- they were that vile--
because people found out.
But most of them had--
they were problematic.
And Paperclip we were doing
because we were afraid
the Soviets would get
ahold of these scientists.
And they would get
the technology.
We wanted it first.
So we're scrambling
through Europe
to get to all the
documents and the personnel
before the Soviets.
And the Germans were
more than happy to not
be captured by the Soviets
and be captured by the British
or the Americans.
So they were running in our
direction anyway, Wernher von
Braun particularly.
I mean, he was an opportunist
from the word "go."
So all of these
guys were running
towards the American embrace
and willing to just sign off
on anything, according
to what we've learned.
The Soviets were making
the same kind of push.
And they didn't get
some scientists.
And they got some of that.
And it did help them
with their programs.
So Paperclip, though,
started with, when I first
started researching
it, maybe 100 to 200,
maybe 300 scientists.
Now we know it was more
than 1,000, pushing 2,000,
maybe more.
And that's just
the ones we brought
in the continental
United States.
That's not the ones
we helped to escape
to other parts of the world,
and set up one way or the other,
and protected.
So we had Nazi war
criminals everywhere.
And the scientists were
particularly valuable.
And we had, you
know, Otto Skorzeny,
who was a famous Nazi
commando, running an operation
in Egypt composed of
German rocket scientists
developing rocket
technology for Egypt.
So this was going on
at a tremendous clip.
And we couldn't
trust these guys.
And we had reasons
not to trust them.
They were screwing
with the program.
They were sabotaging it
from the very beginning.
They knew what they were doing.
And they were in
constant contact
with the other scientists
in Europe and in Russia.
Their mail was not monitored.
Nothing was censored.
>> And Operation Paperclip was
the parallel program to another
program that was called
Operation Overcast,
which is where the United
States attempted to bring in all
of the anti-Communist,
anti-Soviet,
and ant--Eastern-bloc
political intelligence officers
of the Third Reich.
So what happened is the United
States basically harvested
all of these leaders
of the Third Reich,
and brought them
in, and put them
in charge of major-- not
only the rocket program
in the United States, but the
covert intelligence operations
of the United States.
So that we started
taking on this kind
of authoritarian, fascist,
national security state
element.
And so our rocket program had
two different faces, the NASA
face, the pretty face,
this peaceful face,
the romantic face.
And there was this other
clandestine operation
of building bigger, and
bigger, and bigger missiles
with triple boosters
so that we can
deliver a payload
right on to Moscow
within a matter of minutes.
So there's always been this
schizophrenic quality to NASA
and the rocket program
in the United States.
And Paperclip was the codename
for the beginning of this kind
of schizophrenic program.
>> But there was no
push for them, really.
There was no motivation for
them to help the United States.
They didn't suddenly
become patriotic Americans.
That doesn't happen.
And there were a lot
of personality problems
with the Nazis we brought over.
But that was Paperclip.
It was very controversial.
Roosevelt's widow railed
against the program.
Einstein held a conference at
one point in New York City.
They were all members of
an event in which they said
we can't be doing this anymore.
This is wrong, but
they were considered
to be leftists, and socialists,
and quasi-communists.
So they were ignored.
Because the real enemy
now was the Soviet Union.
We're no longer at
war with Germany.
All is forgiven.
The Holocaust was forgiven.
The atrocities were forgiven.
The fact that they killed
20 million Russians
alone was not cause
for concern any longer.
Nothing was.
And we remember that Patton
at the end of World War II
was urgently telling
Truman, let me go to Russia,
let me go to Moscow, let
me take the troops that I
have plus the Germans
who know how to fight.
We'll all go together.
And we'll take Russia back.
We'll liberate Moscow.
And Patton is saying, we were
shooting at the wrong enemy,
one of patents famous lines.
He liked the Germans
that he captured.
And this was kind
of the mentality
of our American
military at the time.
The Germans are
really great fighters.
They have the great
military operation.
Their machine is wonderful.
Plus they have all these great
toys, all these secret weapons
and stuff.
They should be on our side.
Or we should be on their side.
And we'll all go against
the Soviet Union.
And that was the mentality
in the Catholic church
at the time, as well.
Let's go embed with the Nazis.
Because at least
they're anti-Communist.
A lot of Americans felt
that way in those days.
They were more
terrified of Russia
than they were
disgusted by the Nazis.
>> Although there was outrage
that the United States was
bringing in the so-called
enemy into its most secret
institutions, no one really
tried to stop Operation
Paperclip.
It was the Germans' research
into Die Glocke, or Bell
Technology, that made
their entrance into America
so important.
The Americans had toyed
with anti-gravity technology
before through the work of
Nikola Tesla and T. Townsend
Brown.
This interest was realized
in the famous Philadelphia
experiment, in which a ship was
made to disappear and reappear
miles away.
But it was only
with the migration
of German scientists
after World War II
that the United
States got a jumpstart
on these technologies.
>> Anti-gravity technology's
been suppressed since the first
studies showed that
this was very feasible.
And I think that dates from
the Los Angeles air raid
incident in 1942, where
the Army and the Navy
were able to retrieve some
craft that were shot down
by the artillery barrage.
And when they studied
it, they actually
found that these technologies,
anti-gravity, were feasible.
But the war effort meant
that they couldn't really
investigate it until
the war was completed.
>> And in the '50s,
you had people like T.
Townsend Brown and others openly
talking about gravity control,
gravity research,
doing anti-gravity.
It was a topic that was being
tossed around quite a bit.
But suddenly in the late '50s
they just put a lid on it.
You didn't hear about this.
You didn't hear about
scientists talking
about gravity control,
artificial gravity, or anything
like that.
Everything suddenly switched
to rockets and jets.
They also essentially suppressed
knowledge of the Tesla.
And that was part
of the thing, is
that they, NASA
and the military,
they wanted us to
think of space travel
as being something
that's done with rockets
like a big giant
firecracker under your half
and going to the moon.
But Tesla died in
1943 during the war.
If he had survived
World War II and had
in any way been a part
of our space program,
we would have a completely
different space program, one
that-- with electric type
of craft, anti-gravity,
all of those things.
>> The other part of
it is the technology.
So when people hear
this information,
they are shocked that,
beginning in 1954, October,
we didn't need surface roads.
We'd figured out zero-point
energy from study
not only what humans
were developing
from the era of Tesla
and T. Townsend Brown,
who was the genius
who was doing things
with high-voltage
systems and crystals
with things
levitating-- literally,
that was going on in late '20s.
And it was reproduced in
Germany before World War
II in the late '20s, the
Kowsky-Frost experiment.
What you see is that that
stream of covert research
into high-voltage,
high-frequency, electromagnetic
fields that would give you
free energy and levitation,
joined with the
reverse engineering
of extraterrestrial
vehicles in the mid '40s
and after, after Roswell and
perhaps even before Roswell.
Add to that at the end
of World War II, the OSS,
that became the CIA, went to
Germany and acquired a disk
and also a bell-shaped object
that Adolf Hitler was working
on, which was his
secret weapon, which--
this is 100% percent true--
which was based on
so-called anti-gravity and
electromagnetic fields.
Proper term is
electromagneto-gravitic, so
electromagneto-gravitic, EMG.
So those were brought over
under Operation Paperclip.
So all of that was secrecy
from the World War II era on
became more and more
compartmentalized
the more they had breakthroughs,
including in October of '54,
gravity control was mastered.
Now, a man who was at the Naval
Research Labs, the biggest
Department of Defense lab in
the United States, personally
told me that he
was in the vault.
And his name's Rick Foch.
He had been in the vault
and seen the documentation
that we had mastered gravity
control in October of '54,
and also, before that, this
free energy, zero-point energy.
So that means that, if
that were to come out,
it would be the end of oil,
gas, coal, nuclear power,
centralized utilities, road
construction, surface roads,
engines and ships,
rockets, jets, all of it.
All of it's obsolete.
We would the burden that we
had placed upon Gaia because we
have overstayed our
welcome in terms
of the technological
system we're using,
which is really an 1800s
paradigm, of fossil fuels.
Even atomic power, nuclear
power, is from the mid '40s.
So everything since the
mid '40s is in a black box.
And we're killing the
planet keeping it secret.
>> Well, in the future, if we
can overcome the problem that
we're having on our
planet right now,
it's going to allow us to travel
to the stars in a way that we
can only dream about now.
All of the videos
surrounding John Hutchinson,
you're seeing exactly
what I'm describing.
This is a man who's
figured out a way
to use electromagnetic
energy in order to create
any gravitational effects.
Right now, the only
scientists that
have been able to
duplicate a lot of this
have no government funding.
The government doesn't want
the technology to be known.
And so for these guys to
be doing it on their own
is not only putting themselves
at risk, but at the same time,
it's easy to suppress it.
Because you can just write
them off as crackpots.
This is just a crazy scientist.
Oh, don't listen to him.
He's not part of us.
>> Here's the truth.
The truth is the patent
dumping has already started.
Because we just got a
patent a couple days ago,
the TR-3B, this
triangular-shaped
electrostatic,
electro-gravitically-powered
aircraft that
everybody has known as
existed for 10 or 20 years now.
And they actually just dumped
the patent on the internet.
So that's what's going
to happen, I think,
is we're going to have
this steady release
of patented information
that's just going to come out.
And it's going to appear on
Google Patents somewhere.
There's not going to be
any big announcement.
So here's an
anti-gravity device.
But it's slowly
going to come out.
Because it has to.
Because we have to transition
from the oil-based economy
to the new economy,
whatever it's going to be.
And trust me, I believe
we are still going
to have an economic system.
We're still going to
have to have money.
We're still going to have
some form of capitalism.
Because that's the only way that
you can grow into outer space,
you can grow into
the solar system,
is you've got to
have an economy.
And capitalism gives
you that capability.
Because eventually, the planet
is going to become so wealthy.
But the population is going
to continue to increase,
that the only way to keep
the system moving forward
and generate growth
is to go off world.
So when I look at it, I
think that by the time
we get done with everything
that happens during this period,
we're probably
going to be looking
at a new system, maybe
based on helium 3
or some other energy
source like that.
So I don't see that we can
have an immediate crash
transition from
an-oil based economy
to a free-energy system.
I think that would be too
shocking, too disruptive, would
cause a lot of damage.
So I think we're going to
have a steady, slow walk
kind of release of
this information
over the next few years, maybe
over the next 8 or 10 years.
To me, it looks like setting
the stage for the next phase
of global evolution.
And the politics
are going to shift.
And I think the Arab-Israeli
conflict is going to go away.
And the Saudis seem to want
to get on board with that.
So as you look at this stuff,
I see tremendous transition
and change over
the next few years.
And it seems like the Saudis
want to be part of that.
They don't want to be enemies.
And I think-- you know, look.
We're always going to need
oil, a certain amount of it.
Because we use it for
all kinds of stuff
besides motor vehicles.
So we're always going
to have a need for oil.
But it's going to be a lot
less of a need than it is now.
And the price is going
to be a lot less.
So I see people
that have benevolent
plans to transition
us to a better way.
And I think that you
and I are right-- we're
right in the thick of
it in this generation.
I mean, right now, we're
going to see this stuff happen
right before our eyes.
>> Anti-gravity technology
was discovered by the Germans
and perfected by the Americans.
But why did they keep
all of this secret?
After this technology
was perfected,
the United States
started an agency
that would be in charge
of exploring space.
In our next episode, we'll
explore the origins of NASA.